[Music]
don't come hey take it easy calm down
everything's going to be just fine my
name's Leon I'm under the president's
order to rescue you what my father
that's right and I have to get you out
of here now come with me it's Leon I've
succeeded in extricated my subject
good work Leon I'll send a chopper over
right away where's the extraction point
there's another trail that you can take
to get out of the village the chopper
will pick you up beyond there got it I'm
on my way
wait
follow me I'll take the girl who are you
if you must know my name is Ausmus
Sadler the master of this fine religious
community what do you want to
demonstrate to the whole world are
astounding pound of cards no longer will
the United States think they can police
the world forever
so we kidnapped the president's daughter
in order to give her our power and then
send her bad no
early on I think they shot something in
my neck what did you do to her we just
planted her a little gift oh there's
going to be one hell of a party when she
returns home to her loving father but
before that I thought I might bargain
with the president for some donation
believe it or not it takes quite a lot
of money to keep this church up and
running
faith and money Legion know where Sadler
oh I believe I forgot to tell you that
we gave the same gift when I was
unconscious or I truly hope you like our
small but special contributions when the
eggs hatch you will become my profits
involuntarily you'll do as I say I'll
have total control over your minds don't
you think this is a revolutionary way to
promulgate ones hmm sounds more like an
alien invasion if you ask me
[Applause]
you okay
Leon what's going to happen to us
damn we got into this mess we can get
out of it
[Music]